*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************

THIS IS NEITHER OPEN SOURCE NOR PUBLIC DOMAIN SOFTWARE: Please read this
document for access and redistribution restrictions.

This proxy application was developed and is maintained by Lawrence Livermore
National Laboratory (LLNL), who retains all copyright. It is intended to be
shared widely with the HPC community (including other laboratories,
universities, and industrial partners) as part of ASC and DOE exascale co-design
efforts, except as noted below.

Please consider and abide by the following set of guidelines:

o  The software and all derivatives shall not be put in an open, publicly,
anonymously accessible place (e.g. no public web or ftp downloads) unless
managed or approved by LLNL.

o  Permission to access this software presumes that the user has acknowledged
reading and understanding this document. Permission to share with others in your
immediate working group is granted, assuming the new users have been made aware
of the conditions set forth within.

o  Redistribution of the software or its derivatives outside of your
organization or working group is prohibited without first informing LLNL of your
intent.

o  This software is export control under U.S. Department of Commerce EAR99. You
must not allow access to citizens of embargoed countries - those countries
designated as supporting terrorist activities, including (currently) Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Sudan, and Syria. It is also forbidden to distribute this software
to persons on the Dept of Commerce Denied Persons List. ALL OTHERS ARE ALLOWED
ACCESS, per discretion of LLNL.

List of embargoed countries:
http://www.bis.doc.gov/policiesandregulations/05forpolcontrols/chap5_embargo.htm
Denied Persons List: http://www.bis.doc.gov/dpl

o  Access to the software can be granted only by permission of LLNL. Please
contact us at the email address below if you have additional groups you feel
need to see the software.

o  Changes and improvements should be shared with LLNL. Close partners with
active development may be given access to internal repositories.

o  This README-license.txt file must be included in any redistribution of the
software (either partial or in its entiretly) as well as any of its derivatives.

Contact: codesign-info@lists.llnl.gov
Web: http://codesign.llnl.gov

*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************

                         Export Controlled Information

Contains technical data whose export is restricted by statute. Violations may
result in administrative, civil, or criminal penalties. Limit dissemination to
authorized U.S. Department of Energy and major U.S. DOE contractor personnel.
The cognizant program manager must approve other dissemination, in accordance
with applicable regulations. This notice shall not be separated from the
attached document.

*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************

This work was produced at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL) under
contract no. DE-AC52-07NA27344 (Contract 44) between the U.S. Department of
Energy (DOE) and Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC (LLNS) for the
operation of LLNL. Copyright is reserved to Lawrence Livermore National
Security, LLC for purposes of controlled dissemination, commercialization
through formal licensing, or other disposition under terms of Contract 44; DOE
policies, regulations and orders; and U.S. statutes. The rights of the Federal
Government are reserved under Contract 44.

*******************************************************************************
*******************************************************************************

                                   DISCLAIMER

This work was prepared as an account of work sponsored by an agency of the
United States Government. Neither the United States Government nor Lawrence
Livermore National Security, LLC nor any of their employees, makes any warranty,
express or implied, or assumes any liability or responsibility for the accuracy,
completeness, or usefulness of any information, apparatus, product, or process
disclosed, or represents that its use would not infringe privately-owned rights.
Reference herein to any specific commercial products, process, or service by
trade name, trademark, manufacturer or otherwise does not necessarily constitute
or imply its endorsement, recommendation, or favoring by the United States
Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC. The views and opinions
of authors expressed herein do not necessarily state or reflect those of the
United States Government or Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC, and shall
not be used for advertising or product endorsement purposes.

